How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was
introduced?

An recently introduced bug is almost because a modification on the code, so it is 
reasonable to asume that finding the diferences between the current a former versions of
the file will help us to find the modification that is causing the bug.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

Being able to review the evolution of the code used for resolving differente type of 
problems will help me to understand the nature of the evolution, the why's and how's and 
learn from my own work.
Moreover, it could help me to return to an older version if the changes done after it 
don't result as expected.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The evident pros is total control over when a what is included in each commit, one con
would be that it can be forgotten to do.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in 
one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

It all depends if there of the type of use for the files that the version control system 
is supposed to save.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

The git log command is used to list all the commits of the repository while de diff 
command is used to show the differences between two commits. So, we use the log to list
and identify the commits we want to compare based on the date an comments and then we use
the diff command to compare both of them.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break
something?

Using version control reduces the risk of not loosing the correct path when coding or the 
risk of not be able to return to the state previous to the change.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to version control my iOS apps.
